fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/kubernetes-operator/operator-manual/secrets-and-configuration.mdx

---

> title: 'Secrets and Configuration Management on K8s'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Secrets and Configuration Management on K8s'
sidebar_label: 'Secrets and Configuration Management'
```

> ---
> title: 'Secrets and Configuration Management on K8s'
> description: 'Supply environment variables, Kubernetes ConfigMaps, and Secrets to wasmCloud WebAssembly components through Workload and WorkloadDeployment manifests.'
> ---
> 
> wasmCloud components receive configuration through the `localResources.environment` field in a `Workload` or `WorkloadDeployment` manifest. This field supports three sources that can be used individually or combined: inline key-value pairs, Kubernetes ConfigMaps, and Kubernetes Secrets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Secrets and Configuration Management on K8s'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Secrets and Configuration Management'
description: 'Supply environment variables, Kubernetes ConfigMaps, and Secrets to wasmCloud WebAssembly components through Workload and WorkloadDeployment manifests.'
---

# Secrets and Configuration Management

wasmCloud components receive configuration through the `localResources.environment` field in a `Workload` or `WorkloadDeployment` manifest. This field supports three sources that can be used individually or combined: inline key-value pairs, Kubernetes ConfigMaps, and Kubernetes Secrets. 
```
